# What is Javades?

Javades is a fork for jdeserialize, a library that interprets Java serialized objects.

# How to compile Javades?

First clone the repository:

```console
$ git clone git@github.com:Alexandre-Bartel/javades.git
```

Then import it in Eclipse:

```
File -> New -> Project
```

In the "New Project" window:

```
Java -> Java Project from Existing Ant Buildfile
```

Click "Next", browse and select "build.xml", click "Finish"

# What is jdeserialize?

Original description of the jdeserialize project:

> jdeserialize is a library that interprets Java serialized objects -- the data generated by an ObjectOutputStream.  It also comes with a command-line tool that can generate compilable class declarations, extract block data, and print textual representations of instance values.
> 
> It is a full implementation of the Object Serialization Stream Protocol, as described in the Java Object Serialization Specification, chapter 6.  It does not instantiate any classes described in the stream; instead, it builds up an intermediate representation of the types, instances, and values.  Because of this, it can analyze streams without access to the class code that generated them.
> 
> It is aimed at reverse engineers working with serialized streams of unknown provenance, as well as developers working with code that uses Java serialization to store data. 
> 
> All public classes have workable javadoc documentation.
> 
> This code is in the public domain.  It was written by Brandon Creighton <cstone@pobox.com>, and currently lives at https://code.google.com/p/jdeserialize/.
